Improve sentence style (#23808)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/text_formatting/index.md

[Template literals](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) are string literals allowing embedded expressions. You can use multi-line strings and string interpolation features with them.

> Template literals are enclosed by back-tick characters (`` ` ``) ([grave accent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grave_accent)) instead of double or single quotes. Template literals can contain place holders. These are indicated by the Dollar sign and curly braces (`${expression}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template literals are enclosed by backtick ([grave accent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grave_accent)) characters (`` ` ``) instead of double or single quotes. Template literals can contain place holders. These are indicated by the Dollar sign and curly braces (`${expression}`).
```

Author: Thank you for review!
